README.md, before:

# jlort jlort 2

A Discord bot for me and my friends to have fun with I guess.

## History

Version 1 was written in January 2018 using discord.py and 8-space indentation. Its only function was to announce when someone joined the call without clogging the chat like FredBoat. It launched with that functionality and a few of the commands in `baseCmd.go`

As time went on, I added more features. Some by request, some to satisfy curiosity, and some to troll certain people. But at some point, I introduced something that caused a memory leak over time. In Python.

I could not track down this memory leak, and given that the codebase was becoming a bit bleh and jlort was using quite a bit of memory in the first place, I decided to remake it in a different language. The initial port was done in a few days, but encountered some problems related to concurrent map accesses since that wasn't something I'd had to account for before.

Then the codebase stagnated for a while. But maybe I'll come up with something sooner or later...

## Usage

This program relies on some files existing before it can run. You must create a file called `key.txt` containing the bot key. This file should not have a trailing newline.

Additionally, most modules require an existing persistent storage file before they will work. The names and structures required in the files can be determined by looking at the globals and initialization functions for each module.

The program requires a help file for the help command to work. A help file for the current state of the program is included. You can generate a new help file by running `misc/helpGen.go` from the root of the project.

The music module has a feature that requires a folder of sounds to surprise unsuspecting people with, called `spook`. The sounds should be in Ogg Opus format with 2 channels, a bitrate of approximately 64k or 128k, and an audio rate of 48k.

A feature of the `~!popcorn` command requires a folder called `time` containing similarly formatted files, one for each part of the date and time. More specifically, the numbers 1-20, 30, 40, 50, the current year, AM/PM, the first three letters of the month names, and two files called `itis.ogg` and `on.ogg`.

The `~!outro` command requires a folder called `outro` containing similarly formatted files.

The bot will attempt to play a sound before leaving a channel. This sound should be in `modules/music/bye.ogg`, and be in the same format as the above.

## Removed features

These commands existed and were removed before the version I uploaded to GitHub. Just for historical reference.

 - `~!midi <file/attachment>` - Plays a midi file using Timidity++ and SGM v2.01
 - `~!define <word>` - Looks something up on Wikipedia. Had an easter egg where trying to define the word "dead server" would give an invite to a friend's *extremely* dead server.
 - `~!booru <tag>` - Would return the most recent image with a given tag from Safebooru. Or Gelbooru, if the channel was configured that way.
 - `~!setting queue-length <number>` - A setting for the maximum queue length. I forgot about it and eventually removed it once I realized that it no longer had any effect. Remaining settings got thier own commands, since everybody used those aliases anyway.
 - `~!something` - I don't remember what this does, but it was in an old (pre-OMORI) help file and has no description.
 - `~!boot <user>` - Kick someone out of a call in case they fell asleep. Turns out that we're not nice people.
 - `~!sausage` - Causes a segmentation fault, for debugging.
 - `~!ud` - Displays definitions from Urban Dictionary. Made specifically to troll a friend whose full name had an unflattering one.

Commit message:

Update database reference in README

README.md, after:

# jlort jlort 2

A Discord bot for me and my friends to have fun with I guess.

## History

Version 1 was written in January 2018 using discord.py and 8-space indentation. Its only function was to announce when someone joined the call without clogging the chat like FredBoat. It launched with that functionality and a few of the commands in `baseCmd.go`

As time went on, I added more features. Some by request, some to satisfy curiosity, and some to troll certain people. But at some point, I introduced something that caused a memory leak over time. In Python.

I could not track down this memory leak, and given that the codebase was becoming a bit bleh and jlort was using quite a bit of memory in the first place, I decided to remake it in a different language. The initial port was done in a few days, but encountered some problems related to concurrent map accesses since that wasn't something I'd had to account for before.

Then the codebase stagnated for a while. But maybe I'll come up with something sooner or later...

## Usage

This program relies on some files existing before it can run. You must create a file called `key.txt` containing the bot key. This file should not have a trailing newline.

Additionally, the bot requires a database file to function properly. A creation script for this file can be found in `dbGen/dbGen.go`. If you have existing persistent data for an older version of the bot, the script will migrate it.

The program requires a help file for the help command to work. A help file for the current state of the program is included. You can generate a new help file by running `misc/helpGen.go` from the root of the project.

The music module has a feature that requires a folder of sounds to surprise unsuspecting people with, called `spook`. The sounds should be in Ogg Opus format with 2 channels, a bitrate of approximately 64k or 128k, and an audio rate of 48k.

A feature of the `~!popcorn` command requires a folder called `time` containing similarly formatted files, one for each part of the date and time. More specifically, the numbers 1-20, 30, 40, 50, the current year, AM/PM, the first three letters of the month names, and two files called `itis.ogg` and `on.ogg`.

The `~!outro` command requires a folder called `outro` containing similarly formatted files.

The bot will attempt to play a sound before leaving a channel. This sound should be in `modules/music/bye.ogg`, and be in the same format as the above.

## Removed features

These commands existed and were removed before the version I uploaded to GitHub. Just for historical reference.

 - `~!midi <file/attachment>` - Plays a midi file using Timidity++ and SGM v2.01
 - `~!define <word>` - Looks something up on Wikipedia. Had an easter egg where trying to define the word "dead server" would give an invite to a friend's *extremely* dead server.
 - `~!booru <tag>` - Would return the most recent image with a given tag from Safebooru. Or Gelbooru, if the channel was configured that way.
 - `~!setting queue-length <number>` - A setting for the maximum queue length. I forgot about it and eventually removed it once I realized that it no longer had any effect. Remaining settings got thier own commands, since everybody used those aliases anyway.
 - `~!something` - I don't remember what this does, but it was in an old (pre-OMORI) help file and has no description.
 - `~!boot <user>` - Kick someone out of a call in case they fell asleep. Turns out that we're not nice people.
 - `~!sausage` - Causes a segmentation fault, for debugging.
 - `~!ud` - Displays definitions from Urban Dictionary. Made specifically to troll a friend whose full name had an unflattering one.
